3 personal game mechanic projects

2 2d games -  
1 3d game  - 





6 art themes

3 props
2 environments
3 characters



pirate theme - 35year old pirate male, 
               30 year old one lady,  
               old witch

               one ocean with opposite pirate ship
               one cabin interior

               Pirate treasure map 
               Pirate Treasure chest
               Pirate Ships
               
               Iso metric ship battle.

victorian theme - one butler n 
                  rich girl n 
                  villan old king

                  Witche's house ext
                  Rich girl's room with her and butler inside

                  Girl's Diary
                  music box
                  Pocket watch
                  Butler's gun

                  One point and click bg

jungle uncle ( junkel ) - teen boy
                          tiny girl
                          one uncle explorer

                          One tree house
                          explorer's hide out
                          
                          camping bag
                          Binoculars
                          rifiel gun

                          

Ancient India -  Male warrior god
                 Female queen
                 a demigod. 

                  Jungle Temple
                  Throne room

                  Weapons
                  Lamps
                  Chariots
 
                  One slot game bg




1980s retro junkie  - Gamer boy
                      Barbie gurl
                      and their catt


                      Retro car
                      Couch movie night interior
                      Us playing in arcades 

                


City with you- 24 year old male
             - 19 year old female dating


                Street foods
                Silent walking streets night
                Bus transportation
                Metro Stations 
                     
   





























I have a lot going on. 
i dont want to doubt. I dont want to assume.
Instead i want to channel this feeling ini the plot.
how can i do that?





2 group projects

Lunaria


Ghost rush







I came across a reel. It was a hugeeeee tsunamii and a few people were standing on the beach looking at it. On top it was a text, that said, what would you do if you were in this situation.
Many comments were funnyy. One said they they waterbend it to the other side. Other said, tell an adult nearby. Use aa freking umbrellaaa maan. They sure were great answers. But when I first saw that, only one thing popped in my head. Hugging you tight. Hugging you tight and never letting you go. Its scary. The tsunami. But holding on to you.. Is the best thing ever, even in that situation
























He said the word desperate in my context for the first time.
May be I was
And it still is the thing 
I did ask to read his answers to learn more about about him. To take every opportunity I can before our life cuts short. To study him. To see what he likes . Know his struggles.. All of those. Maybe I did come off as desperate to know about a Stranger. But I am not going to hide the fact that I am curious. I am and so what?

But now I need to take into consideration for he said it. And for the first time, I really question myself.
He is correct on that aspect on all grounds. I just have to calm myself and behave appropriately.

































I just couldnt draw just a fucking mouse. One mouse. I literally did disappointed him. 
NOthings new. Ill never change ig. 