telle me about your self.
I m mrunal. i have a bacholer's degree in the design field. Specially the Game art and Design aspect of it. 
I have contributed my time in polishing my skills in making game assets such as props environments and characters in various themes and plot lines. 
I am willing to learn more and incoorpate my skills in fieds of animation, after effects and vfx. 
In the design aspect, i have meticulously framed the world for my characters as you can see and designed levels and mechanics for great player engagement.
There are many projects that i have worked on and contributed in efficient team work and communication.
My most notable personal project is xyz that i worked on which represents the daily life of the player character who lives in her apt
The group projet has taken a wider approach and has a creative outlook in representing the AI simulations in games all around us

I am willing to contribute to the company's succes and goals by giving my best







2. What are your strengths and weaknesses?


My strengths are my determination and interests in getting the best output out and the hunger to scale to the heights for the company's success. 
My weakness on the other hand is due to the very determination which may sometimes leads me to over work and self critise my very work which makes me want to give the best output possible




3. Why are you interested in this position/company?

This position is like a stepping stone in my life which gives me the opportuinity to potray my skills and contribute in the porjects this company works on so passionately.


4. Can you describe a challenging situation you've faced at work/school and how you resolved it?
One instance comes to mind when our college used to hold game jams. During that time, we had time constraints to work on our projects and thus the challenge was to provied a worthy output with new mechanics and Designs of our own. Being the only Artist and and co Designer, i and my team have taken up the challeng and made a schedule and assigned jobs to each. We potrayed self confidence and Determination thruout the span of 48 ours and kept pur cool despit it being an easy excuse to panik

5. How do you handle stress and pressure?

When the realization hits in, i panik for atleast 2 seconds n feel like the blood rushing visiously in my body. Paninking is normal i beieve. Humans tend to panik. But After paniking for a min or so, i remember to calm down a nd take deep breats. I access the situation and make points. I place the top priority  

6. What skills and experiences make you a good fit for this role?
I aspire to be a professional Concept Artist and thus i have learned to mold my skills and talents in making such art work benifitting the industry required for bringing such visuals to light. i understand the technical aspect of how something has to be made divided and combined in order to have maximum feseablity and clear understanding of the visualized form of required art iece. 
i have experience in creating Mascots and have looked into the various client requirements and given a satisfying output. 
i take constructive critisism positively and work on bettering the output.




7. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Being the Art lead in a prestigeous gaming company.

8. Can you provide an example of a time when you had to work in a team or collaborate with others?
During the two Game jams and one personal group project collaboration.
where we wanted to be better and now we have a whole new project that we did not give up


9. What motivates you?

Myself. To be better and be able to give nice outputs is what motivates me.


10. How do you prioritize tasks and manage your time effectively?
By listing it down mannually and segrating the tasks based on utmost urgency. 



11. Describe a situation where you had to overcome a setback or failure.



12. Can you discuss a project or accomplishment you're proud of and explain your role in it?




13. What do you know about our company/organization?



14. How do you stay updated with industry trends and developments?






15. Can you provide an example of a time when you demonstrated leadership skills?



16. How do you handle conflicts or disagreements with colleagues or team members?




17. Can you discuss a time when you had to quickly adapt to a new situation or environment?





18. Describe your approach to problem-solving and decision-making.






19. How do you stay organized and keep track of multiple tasks or projects?





20. What do you think sets you apart from other candidates applying for this position?



21. Can you give an example of a time when you had to deal with a difficult customer or client?



22. How do you stay motivated and maintain a positive attitude in challenging situations?



23. Can you discuss a time when you had to learn a new skill or technology quickly for a project?



24. What do you believe are the most important qualities for success in this role?


25. Describe a situation where you had to meet a tight deadline.



26. How did you manage your time to ensure completion?



27. How do you handle constructive feedback or criticism?



28. Can you talk about a time when you had to juggle multiple priorities simultaneously?