NOV 14,
I wished him a happy children's day. it took some time but he did respond back with a likewise. i aske him hows the stuff goin on on his end. *insert melting smilimg face. thats actuallly understandable. he proceed to hit me with a 'How are you?'. i almost burst in tears.Just before getting the response from him, i was goin thru an episode with my mother. expetedly, i am to blame for having the emotions i have and blamed to be the cause of unhappiness of all my family members. also also got labelled as a mentally ill sick person who also absolutely needs an appoinment with a psycatrist very much so. i will leave. and never return one day. that shall be soon. 
I love the way i hit him with a "In a soul searching expedition kinda way or in terms of the submission" to his hows stuff goin on in my end.
i love the way he said "I'm listening either way" and "It doesn't seem like it" and "



NOV 13,
I showed him cats today. The pixelated ones. He liked them. said, he couldnt choose from the three coz they all goood.


NOV 12,
He wished me happy Diwali early this time. Too early perhaps. I didnt have the heart to say him that the actual pooja starts at 6. I wished him happy diwali for the first time in person. (over call) said, i wanted to wish him. His esponse was tooo adorable to contain. my heart mealted. but was kinda bummed as he was unfourtunatly occupied.. but thats okay.. I wished he were with me while the crackerss burst. i wanted to share the experience with him rathe than sending all the snaps.. they didnt capture the beauty of the real sight. My dress was tampered with. the blue one too. I cannot and will not wear them again. until i got them fitted them myself.


NOV 11,
He mintioned the package had been delivered. I asked when did it happen. i found no response. typical him. But i hope everything was alright n he didnt had to miss his bus.


NOV 10,
The english exam was a breeze. Glad he managed to completely write the paper without leaving any questions.
i also managed to sit next to him in class. its been a while i was able to. 
I asked him if we can sit in the photography room since i was sleepy and i wanted the office chair. he agreed without a hitch. i mentioned the room is empty as i checked it goin downstairs. He remarked how active i must have been to go down n up again.
he hoodified and motioned me to sleep. It was loving, gentle and warm. He looked at me and squinted. Said something was wrong. I reassured nothing was. but that day something indeed was wrong. but it didnt matter. as long as i was with him. he motioned me to sleep on his lap. i did. he embraced me with his arms around me and ocassionally worknig on his doc. i said i didnt wantto keep him up from working so i tried to get up. he did not let me. he was firm in his decision. i cuddled. he asked if it were comfortable, for its was a cornor and a dark and cuddling spot where he was warm and ran his hand lovingly through my hair. yes, i said. it was the most comfortable place. i never want to leave. 
someone walked in for a brief time. i was flustured. i had a slight feeling he might have been too. that was a cute reaction i'd say. i plopped down on the desk and kept looking at him. i am not gonna say he looked majestic. (he looked majestic). but more than anything else, he looked calm, composed, well mannered and above all a sense of widsom and understanding englufed him like an aura all around him. he was n shall be someone who i cannot achieve. not with the attitude i have. 
he looked at me again. and said that something was really really wrong. i said it was nothing. 



March 06th, I said I home your to him It felt wierd kinda cringe but when s asked him, he kissed me harder I am very confused and kinda excited I asked him what eloes my shirt commune o cate he said "Hot" He is so sweet When the ideas weren't I draring, he took me in arms (My face) and cupped it GOD I want life with him. My bra strao was showing off, like multiple times, I said I was sorry ill have it changed to a toghterone, he said its alright, I shall make sure to let you know when its showing. Rest easy.
I love him


March 08th
i got to treat himm. it felt so good. we spoke a lot the walk the date the streets were preetyy. i loved the feel. the subway was awesome. we went to the book storee. he gave me the book titled " you are the best wife" i couldnt contain the blushing within mee. just marry me already.



March 25th, The thrill and uneasyness of being caught was higher that ever. I let out a loud one accidently. He said its alright tho.


March 27th, he left for easter. hell be back. soon.. i miss him already.

April 2nd. I just miss him. 







